# AI Cure - Team Three Musketeers

This repository contains the code which contains the model designed for the competition AI Cure: Where AI meets health. In this code, we have used a model called Stacking Regressor model that is used to obtain the heart rate of an individual given the parameters.

### Team description
Team name: Three Musketeers

Team members:
1. Akhilesh T S
2. Karthik Sriram V
3. Keerthisree Sai Narne

### Problem statement

Heart rate is a vital physiological parameter reflecting the frequency of cardiac contractions. Influenced by factors like age, fitness, and autonomic nervous system activity, heart rate serves as a key indicator of cardiovascular health. Monitoring heart rate during activities aids in optimizing exercise intensity and assessing overall well-being.The goal is to construct an advanced model capable of accurately predicting an individual's heart rate.

### File Descriptions

The dataset is provided in train_data.csv.

### Implementation Details
- **Data Preprocessing:** The dataset is preprocessed to handle any missing values.
- **Train-Test Split:** The dataset is split into a training set and a test set.
- **Model Training:** The Stacking Regressor model is defined along with RidgeCV estimator and is used to train the dataset.
- **Model Evaluation:** The trained model is evaluated on the test data to assess its performance in prediction.

### Requirements
  - Python 3.x   

### Libraries:
  - pandas
  - scikit-learn (sklearn)
  - matplotlib
  - seaborn

### How to Use the Repository
- **Clone the Repository:** Clone this repository to your local machine using the following command:
```
git clone [https://github.com/your_username/repo_name.git](https://github.com/akhilesh1709/aicure_ThreeMusketeers.git)
```
- **Install Dependencies:** Ensure you have Python 3.x installed and the required libraries by running-
```
pip install numpy pandas scikit-learn matplotlib seaborn
```
- **Using run.py file:** Ensure that the dataset, run.py file and the model file stackingmodel.joblib are located in the same location. After running the run.py file, three parameters have to be given in the following format-
```
python run.py stacking_model.joblib your_test_data.csv your_output_file_name.csv
```
- **Data Preparation:** Load the dataset or a new dataset in a format suitable for training the model.
- **Run the Code:** Execute the code that trains the model and evaluates its performance on the test data.
- **Analyze Results:** Examine the evaluation metrics and predictions generated by the model to gain insights into its performance.
